feat: documenting serviceAccountToken volume type (#31329)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/projected-volumes.md

* [`secret`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#secret)
* [`downwardAPI`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#downwardapi)
* [`configMap`](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#configmap)

> * [`serviceAccountToken`](#service-account-token)

Author: I also forgot to cross-check, my bad!
Corrected now, thanks!

> * [`serviceAccountToken`](/docs/conecpts/storage/projected-volumes/#service-account-token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`serviceAccountToken`](#service-account-token)
```

* The `defaultMode` can only be specified at the projected level and not for each
  volume source. However, as illustrated above, you can explicitly set the `mode`
  for each individual projection.

> {#service-account-token}

Reviewer 2: This should be a real heading:
```suggestion
## serviceAccountToken projected volumes {#serviceaccounttoken}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.20" state="stable" >}}

```
and then change line 26 to:
```markdown
* [`serviceAccountToken`](#serviceaccounttoken)
```

When the `TokenRequestProjection` feature is enabled, you can inject the token
for the current [service account](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens)
into a Pod at a specified path. For example:

{{< codenew file="pods/storage/projected-service-account-token.yaml" >}}

The example Pod has a projected volume containing the injected service account
token. Containers in this Pod can use that token to access the Kubernetes API

> server, authenticating with the identity of the pod's ServiceAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server, authenticating with the identity of [the pod's ServiceAccount](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/).
```

{{< codenew file="pods/storage/projected-service-account-token.yaml" >}}

By default, applications will authenticate as the `default` ServiceAccount in 
the namespace they are running in. For instance, that an application running in 
the `test` namespace will use the default `ServiceAccount` in the `test` namespace.

The example Pod has a projected volume containing the injected service account
token. This token can be used by a Pod's containers to access the Kubernetes API

> server. The `audience` field contains the intended audience of the

Reviewer: rather than the above paragraph about service account defaults, I think it would make more sense to append " using the identity of the pod's service account" to this sentence, linked to https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/

Author: So you mean, ` When you create a pod, if you do not specify a service account, it is automatically assigned the default service account in the same namespace using the identity of the pod's service account.`? The sentence would go like this?

> By default, applications will authenticate as the `default` ServiceAccount in 
> the namespace they are running in. For instance, that an application running in 
> the `test` namespace will use the default `ServiceAccount` in the `test` namespace.
> 
> The example Pod has a projected volume containing the injected service account
> token. This token can be used by a Pod's containers to access the Kubernetes API
> server. The `audience` field contains the intended audience of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example Pod has a projected volume containing the injected service account
token. Containers in this Pod can use that token to access the Kubernetes API
server, authenticating with the identity of the pod's ServiceAccount.
The `audience` field contains the intended audience of the
```
something like this?

Reviewer: yeah, that sounds good.
